Certificate revocation documentation (#2986)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/application-connector/docs/08-08-renew-client-cert.md

By default, the client certificate you generate when you connect an external solution to Kyma is valid for 92 days. Follow this tutorial to renew the client certificate.

> >**NOTE:** You can only renew client certificates that are still valid. If your client certificate is expired or has been revoked, you must generate a new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** You can only renew client certificates that are still valid. If your client certificate is expired or revoked, you must generate a new one.
```

  openssl req -new -sha256 -out renewal.csr -key {PATH_TO_KEY} -subj "{SUBJECT}"
  ```

> 3. To renew a certificate, send a request to RenewCertURL obtained from management/info endpoint. Example call:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send a request to the Connector Service to renew the certificate:
```
